this is a video about my bike's insurance by calling it ICC.
I want to tell you guys something.
While taking insurance, you guys
say a lot that take insurance,
take insurance, but you start telling thousands of rules and regulations. It is
not going well. It was a bad
experience. ICC No. 9th March.
After that I made an insurance claim. My
insurance claim number is MOT
13995787. It has been 10 days since I gave my bike to the service
center. After that, the server was also
not working. The server also came
after a long time. My name is Anuj. I
am from Ranchi and although I do not make such videos, I
definitely felt like making them, that is why
I am making them. As you guys know,
I am doing moto blogging, I have been doing
moto blogging for quite a few years. So,
talking about my bike, the bike I have is
Dominar 400 whose number
is J01573. When I was coming
from the right, the name of the place
is Shahjahan. Before that, the bike was fully loaded.  Rohit
and I were riding the bike with the luggage,
so what happened after that was that
we were going fine, our speed also
means it is a Dominar 400, so we were maintaining a speed of 70, 80, 90,
we were going
fine, after that suddenly there are road holes,
some potholes come, there were quite a big
potholes and my truck was passing from here, so at that
time my bike was not on,
what I did was that there was a divider here, there was a
truck here, so I
dug it in the pot and I was suffering in it, after going some distance,
after going four-five kilometers, the bike felt
heavy to me, I wondered why it was going heavy,
brother, after that I saw that the tyre had
deflated, after that I checked and
saw that there was a rim band here, you guys
can see this video also, big
photos
can understand how terrible the pothole was,
I got stuck, friend, you guys can clearly see
that the rear rim band is here,
air is being put in the tyre, air is being taken out,
air is being put in the tyre, it is being taken out,
then we  People got caught in a lot of confusion that
we are from a district called Narist Shahjahanpur,
if we found a mechanic shop there, we
opened the bike's tyre and opened the rim, we
talked to one person, he repaired it for us, we
opened the bike's rim and took it to
Shahjahanpur, got it straightened, we have reached the market, you
can see our bike in the market, we have
just parked it here, this brother's shop
is a mechanic shop, others are saying that
after opening the tyre, we will take it to the place where the rim is fixed,
after that we will update you on what happens, you
can see here,
balancing is done here, we have gone to the
gym where it is straightened, it is
almost 4 o'clock now, so it will take 1 hour to
1 inch, I mean what are you doing sitting there, there is
no option, if there is
no problem in the bike, then it used to
fit in by 5:30, almost it is
fixed, now only the empty tyre is
going, so let me meet the brother who is the
owner here, brother, your name is
Kavi, there was a slight rim band in it,
but he was letting out a little air.   It was
not major, it was minor so I
left it but there was a band and I was letting out air
and the rear tyre got a little dented and the rear
ring had turned a little red which
shakes a little like this, even now I am driving, there are a
little bubbles after 120, after that
I went back to Ranchi,
then to my nearest service centre which is
Cosmic Bajaj and near Ghoda,
I gave the bike there for insurance claim,
so now the matter starts from here, first of all I got
my bike's insurance done by
ICC, then my nearest
service centre is Cosmic Bajaj and
near Ghoda Chowk, I
showed the bike there, whatever I saw there, I gave it to the service manager or
incharge, whatever you may call it,
I told him this thing
also, I checked the front tyre, there was a
band and the rear one had become straight
but still there is such a problem,
after that I made an insurance claim, my
insurance claim number is Moti
13995787, the service centre where I gave my bike
It has been 10 days and still it was not coming, the
server also came after a long time, it
came after two-three days,
after contacting, there is a Shyam sir here who is the head of
ICC Nomad, I called him,
I called him on Friday, then he did
not send it on Friday, that is, he did
not send it on last Friday, he said on Facebook Saturday, the
offer did not happen on Saturday or Sunday and today again
I am shooting this video,
today is 20th September, after that they
came on Monday and did the survey,
after that what about those people, I
talked to them, then today
which is Wednesday, again I
talked to them that why is my claim not being processed,
why is the proof not being processed, then
they said that
your bike has not been hit by anyone on any day, no one has hit
your bike, your bike has not
fallen, that is why your claim is
not getting approved, so I also felt bad,
if at the time of taking insurance, then
you people often say that take insurance
Take insurance but when we face any
problem then at that time
you people start telling thousands of rules and regulations
that it was not a hit brother it was not a fall
and while falling I and my friend who
was there can also ask Rohit, I
mean we kept falling and we lost balance while falling
but you
people say that the person held the gear only then
you people Manoj or the bike gear only then you people
Manoj yes an accident happened, so this does not happen,
look the mattress fell suddenly, it can happen to anyone at any time,
we could have fallen but I somehow balanced myself,
my insurance is not cashless
and these people and
Cosmic Bajaj did not have the parts, the
rim was not for the front and rear, so then I
gave ₹5000 advance and they got it for the society, the
society has come, now so many people are
not taking claims and the
cost of the front and rear is 19000 which is
going to be a bit high for me, next seventh
I will have to go to the right again  So
my budget is also getting a little bit toasty, let's see
what happens next. Initially the insurance
guy was saying that your band, that is the
band on the rim, is not visible, so
I told him the same thing that we were
stuck there, so we
couldn't leave the bike there, otherwise there would be an
insurance claim, and if there was a problem,
we would have to return, so I got it repaired out of
compulsion, I
think it will still create a problem,
I will write it straight there, if I go with your bike, if I go
off-road, it will create a
problem, and that
part is weak, and the rear lock is also there,
so I am going to the service center every day, I
ask every day what happened to me.
Today when I went to the service
center, those people also had the rear ring
open, you can see in this also
clearly, see, you can see, that
means the band is visible lightly,
here they have also sent this photo to the
server or Shyam Sir who is in charge here, he has
sent it to them, so what about
those people  I want to say that what I am telling, the
same people are saying that the car did
not collide with anyone, you did not hit anyone, there was no
impact, they are saying that the
car did not fall, it is not going well, it was a
bad experience due to which I got this
insurance on ICC 9 March and next
time whenever I will take a claim from any other company, I will
ask all this before taking it and
I will never take ICC Lomde's insurance, if you
see here in Ranchi, his
name is Shyam, Shyam, he is the
most hit, so when I talked to him also, he
also said the same thing, you will
not have any proof, this was just my bad
experience, so I thought I will make a video for you people
and if I
get your love then
share it, I will just say this and I am also tagging the
official page of ICC Lomte, I am tagging them too
brother, now let's see what will happen, I am
not able to understand, my mind has gone blank